#summary Features of Online Judge Assignment Type for moodle
#labels Featured,OnlineJudge

= Introduction =

This plugin is designed for courses involving programming. It can automatically grade programming assignments by testing the submissions by customizable test cases ([http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACM_International_Collegiate_Programming_Contest ACM-ICPC]/[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Online_judge Online Judge] style). Use sophisticated [http://sourceforge.net/projects/libsandbox/ libsandbox] to prevent attacks (e.g. rebooting system, accessing files/network, consuming/occupying system resources) from malicious submitted source codes. 

Now, it supports C/C++, moodle 1.9.x and works in Linux only. 

= Features = 

The plugin inherents from uploadsingle assignment type. So it gets all its functions and has additional features such as:

  * Judge in several minutes after submitting. (Depends on the frequency of [http://docs.moodle.org/en/Cron moodle cron job])
  * Support multiply test cases.
  * Grade test cases separately. For example, there are four cases and max grade of each is 25. If one student pass three of them, he can get 75.
  * Teacher defined feedback/hint can be shown if someone doesn't pass the test.
  * Compile only mode.
  * Rejudge all
  * Resubmit support. Allow to turn off.
  * More details (program output and etc.) to teachers.
  * Highlight code preview (powered by [http://alexgorbatchev.com/wiki/SyntaxHighlighter SyntaxHighlighter])
  * Translation: English and Simplified Chinese
  * Easy installation and no root required
  * And all features inherited from moodle's standard assignment type: uploadsingle 


= How to get =

See OnlineJudgeInstallation

= Credits =

This project is sponsored by [http://www.cs.hit.edu.cn School of Computer Science and Techonolgy], and [http://software.hit.edu.cn School of Software] in [http://www.hit.edu.cn HIT].

This plugin learned and copied much from arkaitz.garro(AT gmail.com)'s [http://cvs.moodle.org/contrib/plugins/mod/assignment/type/program/ program (or called epaile) assignment type] which has stopped developing since 2007. 

施兴 (paradisehit AT gmail.com) designed and implemented the prototype. 刘禹 (pineapple.liu@gmail.com）gave much help and suggests. 刘琦卿 contributed many codes.

= TODO =

  * Backup and restore. (Waiting for Moodle 2.0)
  * Java and more languages support
  * Better test case management UI
  * Code clean-up