#summary How to install/upgrade/use onlinejudge assignment type for moodle
#labels OnlineJudge

= Installation =
== 1. Download Online Judge==

Download from http://code.google.com/p/sunner-projects/downloads/list

Untar and put onlinejudge/ into mod/assignment/type/

== 2. Make sandbox ==
*_Only Linux users need do this step. Windows users skip to next step._*

Requirement: Linux 2.6.x, gcc 4.x and make

In mod/assignment/type/onlinejudge/sandbox/, run:
{{{
make
}}}

== 3. Configure ==
*_Windows users must do this step. Linux users need do this step only if they want to use ideone.com. _*

 # register here: http://ideone.com/account/register 
 # After activation, login and set *API password* here: http://ideone.com/account/ 
 # Open config.php and add the following lines: 
{{{
$CFG->assignment_oj_ideone_username = 'change_me_to_ideone_username'; 
$CFG->assignment_oj_ideone_password = 'change_me_to_ideone_api_password'; 
}}}
== 4. Apply ==

  # Login moodle as admin
  # Access http://site.domain.name/admin/index.php
  # Follow the instructions shown by above url 

== 5. Make Judge Work==

There are two recommended routines to make the judge work. The first is the most recommended but it works in Linux only. 

=== 5.1. Create Judge Daemon Through Cron ===

*_(Linux only)_*

Setup moodle's cron job to be called by php cli. In crontab, put a command which is similar with: 

{{{
php -q /PATH/TO/MOODLE/admin/cron.php
}}}

That's all! Read [http://docs.moodle.org/en/Cron] for detail about how to setup moodle cron job triggered by *php cli* (Not wget, curl and etc.). 

If it works, a judge daemon would be created. Use

{{{
ps -FC php
}}}

to ensure the daemon is running.

=== 5.2. Create Judge Daemon in Command Line===

If you can *NOT* trigger cron through php cli or are using Windows, then use this method.

====In Linux====

Run the following command to create judge daemon:

{{{
sudo -u APACHE-USER php /PATH/TO/MOODLE/mod/assignment/type/onlinejudge/judged.php
}}}

The APACHE-USER means the username of apache in your system. It is _www-data_ in debian, _apache_ in fedora. Perhaps _`ps aux|grep apache`_ or _`ps aux|grep httpd`_ can help you getting the correct username.

Use

{{{
ps -FC php
}}}

to ensure the daemon is running.

====In Windows====

Run the following command to create judge daemon:

{{{
C:\PHP\php.exe \PATH\TO\MOODLE\mod\assignment\type\onlinejudge\judged.php
}}}

Make sure the current user has the permission to access moodle code and files in moodledata.

= Upgrade =

  # Overwrite the directory, onlinejudge/, with latest version.
  # Repeat step 2-4 in Installation
  # If you are using routine 5.2, run `sudo -u APACHE-USER php /PATH/TO/MOODLE/mod/assignment/type/onlinejudge/judged.php` again. 
  # Routine 5.1 can apply the upgrade automatically.

= Usage =

The same as other standard assignment types. Follow its inline help.